Motorola FLIPSIDE.
Expected Q4 2010.
The Motorola FLIPSIDE is the latest variation
on the Motorola CLIQ / DEXT platform, and
it forms another addition to the ever-growing
range Android handsets offered by Motorola.
Sitting towards the lower end of Motorola's
smartphone range, the FLIPSIDE sports a 3.1"
320 x 480 pixel display, a 3 megapixel camera,
3.5G support, WiFi, GPS and an FM radio, plus
it comes with a slide-out QWERTY keyboard.
Initially, the FLIPSIDE will be offered in
an 850/1900 MHz 3G version for AT&T in the
US only, but Motorola's press statement indicates
that perhaps there are broader plans, as they
say that the "Motorola FLIPSIDE with MOTOBLUR™
will be available in select regions around
the world beginning in Q4 2010."
Annoyingly, Motorola are launching the FLIPSIDE
with Android 2.1 rather than Android 2.2,
although we suspect that most customers won't
really care. The FLIPSIDE does everything
that every other Android phone does, plus
it has access to Motorola's MOTOBLUR service
which offers useful social networking and
synchronisation features.
The keyboard is a lot less cramped and altogether
better thought out than the one found on the
DEXT, and currently there are not a lot of
QWERTY-equipped Android devices about. Inside
is a very respectable 512MB of RAM and a 720MHz
processor which should take care of most applications
that you might want to run on it.
The Motorola FLIPSIDE should be available
to AT&T customers from 17th October for $79.99
when taken with an appropriate data plan,
more details can be found at att.com/flipside.